swordfighting graphical interface ideas:
   Key points:
      I want to keep this as a tool to help Justin decide what happens in a fight
         Keep input easy if possible - I attack this guy vs that guy
         Allow greater input if necessary - I swing my sword into his left shoulder, then turn and stab the guy behind me
         Give feedback quickly - He takes a gaping bloody wound to the left shoulder (7 damage)
         Give rollplaying feedback - He discards his shield as he can't keep it raised. He is fighting for an opening to flee.
      I want to help keep track of hitpoints and other stats
         Have the players create a character in the interface and have save/load mechanisms
         
      This tool should only be used to simulate fighting, so no scenery or visuals

   Information shown:
      Display enemy information
         Posture (see below)
         Wounds (see below)
         Guesses at statistics
            As the fight goes on, more information is displayed about the enemy (protects left side, yells before attacking, etc)
      Display your information
         Posture (see below) 
         Damage Taken
            HP remaining (keep this until the wound system is fully implemented?)
            Wounds (see below) 
         Other Statistics
      Display Allies information
         Posture (see below) 
         Wounds (see below) 
         
   Actions available:
      Depends on how in depth you want to get
         1st level: Who?
            "Attack/Defend against this character"
            Rolls basic attack roll vs AC roll
         2nd level: What?
            "Attack this character's Torso/Leg etc..."
            Rolls Dex check to see if you hit body part (Based on enemy dex bonus, Torso is easier to hit than hand/head)
            Rolls attack roll vs specific AC of body part (Armor is highest in Torso, then leg, ... head, hand)
         3rd level: Maneuver?
            "Attack this character, spin, kick him in the face, then roast him with a fireball"
            For each stage of the maneuver:
               Roll an Int check vs enemy Int: if it fails they get a bonus to Dex because they see what you are doing
               Proceed like it was a 2nd level action
   Ending conditions:
      First blood - first hit wins
      To the death - mortal/incapacitating wound, need some kind of endurance factor with blood loss incorporated
      To the pain - practice/combo mode
      
   Other clairifications:
      Posture
         Placement and Facing
         Where known weapons are
         Where known weak and strong points are (This could change based on the Wis of the player?)
         Capabilities of attack/movement (a sword moves differently to attack than a spear)
         
      Wounds
         Where?
            Neck
            Face
            Shoulder/upper arm
               Right/Left
            Torso
               Right side/Left side
            Thigh
               Right/Left
            Lower leg
               Right/Left
            Hand
               Right/Left
         How Serious?
            Just a scratch 
            Needs a bandaid
            Needs medical attention
            Bleeding profusely
            How is he still standing?
         